add event from inspector docs (#714)
avohq/docs: pages/workspace/add-events-from-inspector.mdx

Selecting the event will expand it down, to show you all the properties that were detected in this particular Event.

<center>
  <img
    src={require('../../images/inspector/add-event.png')}
    width="100%"
    alt="Image shows an inspector event and all detected properties on the event."
  />
</center>

### Add Event

Before creating the event, the Inspector will first validate the event name against all events in the tracking plan, to determine if the event might already exist with different casing.
If that happens, a confirm dialog pops up showing the user that the Inspector found an existing event with the same name.

<center>
  <img
    src={require('../../images/inspector/confirm-dialog.png')}
    width="100%"
    alt="Image shows a confirm dialog to make sure the user wants to add this event"
  />
</center>

Adding the event to the tracking plan will create the Event and do the following:

- Add all sources the event has according to the inspector
- Add properties that exist in the tracking plan and are on the event in the inspector.
- Create and add properties that are missing from the tracking plan but are on the event in the inspector

>   - If the property already exists in different casing, it will not be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - If the property already exists in different casing, the existing property will be added to the event.
```

Author: It wont be added, we will suggest not creating it with a confirm modal, as this indicates an error in the implementation

Reviewer: Ok, got it. and what would be the result? Would the property be ignored in the tracking plan?

Author: It's just not created, making it red in the dashboard with an "add" button which will trigger a confirm dialog on press, showing them a similar property exists

  - If the property has reported seeing 2 types (int, string for example) it will select the type that Inspector has seen more of.

>   - Each property will be created as required

Reviewer: What exactly does this mean?

Author: fixed it to `created with presence "Always Sent"`

Reviewer: Ah right

  - All new properties created will be created as **Event properties**

### Add Property

Adding a Property directly from the inspector will create the Property and do the following:

- Validate that the property does not exist already in the workspace
  - If a property with different casing already exists, a window will pop up asking you to confirm your creation of the property.
- If the property has reported seeing 2 types (int, string for example) it will select the type that Inspector has seen more of.

> - Each property will be created as required

Reviewer: Samer here?
